big brother
Hey, get out
Go away, go away
Wife
I'm sorry to make you suffer.
I promise.
This kind of thing will never happen again in the future.
Come home with me.
Ok?
Where did you get that money just now?
I swear I got the money right
If I lie to you, I will die.
Light Snow
Why don't you give him another chance?
If he is still unrepentant
Then I will help you go to court to file for divorce.
Oh yes
Wife, I have really changed
The gambling debt has now been paid off
I promise those people will never harass you again.
OK
I'll go home with you.
We're finally back.
Wife, take a break first
I'll go get you a glass of water
Nini move away
Stop fighting.
Stop hitting, come quickly
Let's go